com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.MusicPlayerActivity
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.MusicPlayerActivity: MusicPlayerActivity()
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.PlayListActivity
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.PlayListActivity: PlayListActivity()
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int bg
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int book
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_backward
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_forward
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_next
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_pause
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_play
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_playlist
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_previous
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_repeat
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_repeat_focused
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_shuffle
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int btn_shuffle_focused
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int gradient_bg
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int gradient_bg_hover
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int ic_action_share
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_backward
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_backward_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_forward
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_forward_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_next
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_next_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_pause
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_pause_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_play
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_play_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_playlist
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_playlist_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_previous
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_previous_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_repeat
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_repeat_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_shuffle
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_btn_shuffle_pressed
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_seekbar_bg
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int img_seekbar_progress_blue
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int link
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int list_selector
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int seek_handler
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int seekbar_progress
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int seekbar_progress_bg
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$drawable: int track_info_bg
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnBackward
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnBook
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnForward
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnNext
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnPlay
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnPlaylist
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnPrevious
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnRepeat
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnShareAction
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int btnShuffle
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int linkToSite
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int player_footer_bg
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int player_header_bg
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int songCurrentDurationLabel
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int songProgressBar
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int songThumbnail
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int songTitle
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int songTotalDurationLabel
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$id: int timerDisplay
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$layout: int bg_player_footer
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$layout: int bg_player_header
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$layout: int main
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$layout: int player
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$layout: int playlist
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$layout: int playlist_item
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$layout: int rounded_corner
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A1_energy_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A2_body_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A3_fear_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A4_action_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A5_courage_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A6_main_secret_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A7_intuition_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A8_success_business_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A9_meditation_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int A_10_money_mp3
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int app_name
com.newapp.musicplayer.krasnova.R$string: int song_name
